♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rocky] "Puptacular."
Nice bubble updo, Rubble.
You mean nice bubble pup-do.
[all laugh]
Okay, Rubble, time to get you out
and styled for the Puptacular.
I can't believe
I'm competing in a puppy show.
If we win Best Styled Pup,
we get a trophy.
And a bone.
[gasps] A bone!
Hey, dude, Ryder's ready
for you and Marshall at the Lookout.
-Huh?
-To do the safety check on your trucks.
[gasps] The safety inspections. I forgot.
Oh, me too.
I feel like such a bubblehead.
[Cali meows]
[yowls]
Come on, Rubble. We have to make sure
our trucks are in tip-top shape.
Let's go. [barks]
Uh, sorry, Katie.
I can't help you
with the Puptacular show.
It's okay. Making sure
your trucks are safe is more important.
I'm sure some other pup will help me out.
[both] I'll do it!
[barking and laughing]
Flip you for it.
[barks] Just kidding.
Go for it, Zuma.
[yowls]
[laughs] Oh, Cali.
[groans]
Everything looks good
on the underside of my vehicle, pups.
[Rubble] Mine too.
I'm finished topping up the radiator.
[phone ringing]
-[beeps]
-Hello. Ryder here.
Hello, Ryder?
Mayor Goodway. What's up?
Funny you should ask.
Chickaletta and I
were picnicking on the beach
when she dropped
her favorite rubber ducky into the bay.
So we rode out to get it.
Aw. Did she get it back?
No, and Chickaletta is quite upset.
And hard as I row,
the silly tide keeps taking us
the wrong way.
Of course, dropping the oars
overboard didn't help.
The tide is taking you out to sea?
Mayor, that's an emergency.
I know. Ryder, help!
Don't worry, Mayor.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
Sorry, Katie, but I got to go.
I know. You can't compete
in the Puptacular show.
But my fur's never been softer,
if that makes a difference.
-[Skye gigles]
-[sighs]
Maybe I should just wait
for the Cat-tacular.
[purrs]
[all barking]
Marshall,
your water cannon.
I don't want to get wet!
Don't worry. It won't spray
unless I bark like this.
[barks]
-Oops.
-Yikes!
Ah!
Sorry, Zuma.
That's the second bath I've had today.
[barks]
Ugh, someone smells like a wet dog.
[all laugh]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Pups, the tide is pulling
Mayor Goodway and Chickaletta's rowboat
out to sea.
We need to get them back to land
and find Chickaletta's rubber ducky.
Aw. Poor little chicken.
[sniffles]
Who doesn't love the rubber ducky?
[beeps]
Zuma, I need you and your buoy and rope
to tow them back to the beach.
Let's dive in.
Skye, I need you
to use your goggles
to be our eyes in the sky.
Look for the mayor
and Chickaletta's favorite rubber ducky
too.
[barks] Let's take to the sky.
Looks like it's going to be
a pretty wet rescue.
Can't stand getting wet.
[all] We know.
All right!
PAW Patrol is on a roll.
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoo! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Yay! [barks]
-Yeah! [barks] Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[laughs and barks]
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket, deploy.
[Skye] Ryder, I see the mayor.
The tide is dragging her boat out to sea.
Thanks, Skye. We're on our way.
Let's finish checking our trucks, Rubble.
Rubble on the double.
What do you want to do, Chase?
I don't know.
Hi, Rocky. Hi, Chase.
Is Zuma there?
Not right now.
Ryder needed him for a rescue.
Oh. Doesn't sound like Zuma
can be a part of the Puptacular either.
Do either of you want to be
in a pup show with me?
Not me. A show means washing,
and washing means water,
and water's not my thing.
Don't worry, Katie. I'll do it.
Chase is on the case.
Thanks, Chase. Come on over.
On my way.
Come on, Rocky.
I promise you won't get wet.
Okay. But remember,
not a drop.
[both laugh]
That's them.
[Goodway] Over here!
Over here!
We're coming, Mayor. Stay calm.
I'm calm! I'm calm!
Look, Chickaletta. It's Ryder.
[clucks]
The PAW Patrol has saved the--
-Whoa!
-[clucks]
No!
Chickaletta!
Chickaletta, hold on.
[beeps]
Ryder, I spotted the rubber ducky.
Tell Chickaletta I'm flying it to her.
I'll tell her as soon
as I get her out of the water.
Chickaletta! Where are you?
Oh, Ryder, you must save
my precious chicken.
[clucks]
There she is.
Hang on, Chickaletta.
I got her.
[clucking]
Buoy. [barks]
[clucks]
[gasps]
I've got you, Chickaletta.
Hurry!
[clucking]
Whoo! Yeah!
Oh, Chickaletta!
You're soaked and it's all my fault.
Okay, let's tow this boat home.
Buoy. [barks]
[Goodway]
Oh, my poor little chicken is shivering.
Call the police, pup. Block traffic.
We must get her home and dry.
This is an emergency!
[clucks]
[beeps]
[Chase] Oh yeah. That's the spot.
Oh, that's the spot too.
[sighs]
[beeps]
[Ryder]
Chase, we need you and your police truck.
Oh no. Not again.
[Ryder] Chickaletta fell in the water.
I need you to block traffic
so we can get her home and dry
as fast as possible.
This is an emergency!
Chase is on the case, sir.
Sorry, Katie, but…
I know. Duty calls.
Oh well.
There goes the Puptacular contest.
You're not going?
I can't go to the Puptacular show
without a pup.
[sighs] Okay, I'll do it.
You will? Really?
Oh, Rocky, you're the best pup ever.
[whimpers]
Hey, this bath isn't so bad after all.
[laughs]
That's because you're not wet yet, Rocky.
Oh. Right.
Isn't there a way
to give me a dry wet bath?
-You don't have to do this, Rocky.
-It's okay, Katie.
I'll take the plunge.
Green means go!
Ew. This water's all wet.
[both laugh]
Okay, here goes.
[siren blaring]
[Goodway] Quick! To city hall!
We'll wrap her up
in her favorite organic cotton blankie.
[laughs]
[sighs]
Ah, yes.
[Katie] Rocky, it's so you.
What do you call this?
A faux-hawk.
Not bad.
And, for the finishing touch.
Rocky likey.
[laughs]
[gasps] We have to catch the train
or we'll be late for the Puptacular!
[train whistle blows]
Safety check's complete.
Come on. It's time for the Puptacular.
[Marshall] Yay!
[both bark]
The Puptacular mixed breed award
is on next.
[announcer]
The winner for Best Styled Mixed Breed:
Katie and Rocky.
[all cheering]
-[Skye] All right!
-[Chase] Yeah, Rocky!
[pups howling]
Pups, you have a lot to be proud of.
Rescuing the mayor and Chickaletta
and helping Katie.
You're all winners.
[all barking]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-[laughing]
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-Huh?
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
-I got it!
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
Hey, pups. Look at me.
I'm Puptacu-- [grunts]
Puptacular.
Rocky-style.
[all laugh]
[theme song playing]